the people go in what you wearing but
before they did some junior look
something what the people go from these
things
Jason hasn't had any luck with the
Jewish dating website yet um I'm glad
it's predated so in the meantime he's
throwing himself in at the deep end of
the Jewish dating scene
he's my daughter in disguise you could
wear that on the gray suit trousers oh
I'm writing a shot okay I'm putting a
shot by I'm apprehensive it's my first
time so I'm here to say hopefully find
someone the best thing I could expect
this property before the girls are my
sort of age that's what I hope to get
like to hope to see the most of someone
that around my sort of age so yeah I'm
looking forward to that hopefully I'll
make good conversation and they'll take
the box here
it is very hard when dating to meet
somebody Jewish you know you can't just
go to somebody in a bar and say hi my
name's own so are you doing this P
doesn't work like that with the room of
single Jewish girls to impress all jason
has to do is successfully charm one or
two for your goals ambitions would you
see your life in that company is
successful in my career I mean how many
kids I work in forward and spoke
coaching the referee and being the main
thing what teams do you ever about the
Lions lead oh yeah I've been working for
London I'd say the last three years I'll
be seeing you my loft in it
unfortunately have to depart now
enjoying your evening
some people are quite interesting to
speak to some others haven't really got
any so conversational skills but it's
good for sure ambitions and and your
life goals that's just to be happy to be
chilled out I'm a teacher so that's
always been an ambition of mine to be a
teacher
yeah how about you my lifeguard succeed
in my career and please like I work in
teaching again make yourself bone within
PA and outside the schools who work
we're doing football so if you can meet
your idol Jewish person what would it be
okay let's see not to be insulting in
any way but I guess my ideal being a
tall will come before the personality
I don't know I'll date and I'll go even
if they're not liking the king
hey guys play games of any kind that
okay angry yeah and have fun eclis they
do like me and they did fine
conversation good and they might have
some sort of chemistry between us
hopefully fingers crossed now someone
takes me and I get a match